chore(release): Automated agent release notes (v0.6.11) (#1089)
armory/docs: content/en/armory-enterprise/release-notes/rn-armory-agent/agent-service/agent-service-v-0-6-11.md

---
title: v0.6.11 Armory Agent Service (2022-01-04)
toc_hide: true
version: 00.06.11
---

> Maintenance to `Mergify` tool, for removing the deprecate use of `strict` mode on the merge action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Improvements

Improved how the Agent service is updated. No action is necessary on your part.
```

---
title: v0.6.11 Armory Agent Service (2022-01-04)
toc_hide: true
version: 00.06.11
---

## Improvements

> Improved how the Agent service is updated. No action is necessary on your part.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improved how the Agent service is updated when a code change occurs. This is a backend infrastructure change for Armory and does not affect users.
```
